---
title: The 2023 World Intelligent Connected Vehicle Conference Opens on September 21st.
date: 2023-09-21 20:26:26
categories:
  - Internet
  - Intelligent 
  - Vehicle 
tags:
  - Internet Summary 
  - Internet Briefing
description: The 2023 World Intelligent Connected Vehicle Conference Opens on September 21st.
cover: https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/1oscar/image_house@main/650bf4f483bf7.jpg
---

On the morning of September 21st, the 2023 World Intelligent Connected Vehicle Conference opened in Beijing with the theme "Gathering Wisdom, Collaborating for a New Journey Towards Commercialization." 

This conference is jointly hosted by the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology, the Ministry of Public Security, the Ministry of Transport, the China Association for Science and Technology, the People's Government of Beijing Municipality, the Equipment Industry Development Center of the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology, the Economic and Information Bureau of Beijing Municipality, the China Academy of Electronic Information Industry Development, the People's Government of Shunyi District, Beijing, the China International Chamber of Commerce Machinery Industry Branch, and the China Electrical Engineering Society.

Intelligent connected vehicles (ICVs) have become a strategic direction for the transformation and upgrading of the global automotive industry. In the process of intelligent and connected upgrading of the automotive industry, mastering core technologies and occupying the future technological high ground are not only important supports for the strategy of building a strong automobile country but also new opportunities for driving sustained global economic growth in the automotive industry.

As China's first national-level conference on intelligent connected vehicles approved by the State Council, the World Intelligent Connected Vehicle Conference has been successfully held for five sessions since 2018. Over the past five years, the conference has firmly grasped the trend of transformation in the intelligent connected vehicle industry, dedicated itself to promoting the transformation and upgrading of the global automotive industry through open cooperation, and has become an internationally influential platform for high-level cooperation, exchange, and achievement display in the field of intelligent connected vehicles.

With the promotion of commercial applications of intelligent connected vehicles as the mainline, this conference has created a "1+2+4+5+N" framework, forming a "specialization, high-end, international" system architecture with distinctive characteristics, horizontal linkage, and mutual support. During the conference, there will be a focus on the opening ceremony and plenary session, two panel discussions, four high-level forums, five featured sessions, and multiple special events.

In his speech, Mayor of Beijing Yin Yong stated that the current world is witnessing the acceleration of digitalization, intelligence, and green transformation. The digital economy in the intelligent industry is thriving, and intelligent connected vehicles are becoming the main direction of global automotive industry development. Beijing, leveraging its leadership advantages, has established the world's first cloud-controlled high-level autonomous driving demonstration zone for connected vehicles. It has successfully completed three stages of iterative upgrades. Currently, it has achieved full coverage of 160 square kilometers of intelligent connected roads and a smart city private network, taking the lead in opening commercial autonomous driving services. In various aspects such as supporting policies, testing road opening, and license issuance, Beijing maintains a global leading position, accelerating the formation of an innovative and industrial ecosystem for open source, open collaboration, and integration development.

Xin Guobin, member of the Party Group and Vice Minister of the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology, emphasized in his speech that the automobile industry is a typical international industry, and cross-border integration is an inherent requirement for the development of intelligent connected vehicles. He proposed that relevant parties should adhere to open cooperation, conduct joint research, share innovative results, jointly create a fair, non-discriminatory, and predictable market environment, and jointly maintain the stable and smooth operation of the industrial chain and supply chain. The Ministry of Industry and Information Technology will deeply implement the decision-making and deployment of the 20th National Congress of the Communist Party of China, improve support policies, optimize the development environment, and continuously promote the high-quality development of the intelligent connected vehicle industry.

In his speech, Wang Zhizhong, member of the Party Committee and Vice Minister of the Ministry of Public Security, stated that as we enter a new era of intelligent connected vehicles, the Ministry of Public Security will resolutely implement the decisions and deployments of the Party Central Committee and the State Council, comprehensively, accurately, and comprehensively implement the new development concept, adhere to coordinated development and security, focus on the new demands of the development of intelligent connected vehicles and the new expectations of industrial landing, solidly promote the management system, policies, technology, and collaborative innovation, and actively contribute to the development of the industry.

Li Tianbi, Chief Engineer of the Ministry of Transport, stated in his speech that the current new round of technological revolution and industrial transformation is deepening, and information technologies such as artificial intelligence, big data, and cloud computing have had a revolutionary impact on the modernization of global transportation. Smart transportation has become the most active field for innovation and practice in the transportation industry, and autonomous driving is expected to be a leading variable in shaping the future transportation system. The next five years are a critical period for the initial stage of building a socialist modern country, and also a key period for accelerating the construction of a transportation power and striving to be a pioneer in the Chinese-style modernization. We will always uphold the innovation concept, adhere to empowering high-quality development of transportation with new technologies, and accelerate the promotion of smart transportation construction.

Shu Wei, member of the Party Group, Vice Chairman, and Secretary of the Secretariat of the China Association for Science and Technology, stated in his speech that since 2018, the World Intelligent Connected Vehicle Conference has gradually become an influential exchange platform for intelligent connected vehicles. This year's conference adheres to innovation leadership, strengthens cross-border coordination, grasps the industry direction, focuses on open cooperation, and accelerates the commercial application of intelligent connected vehicles, promoting convenient, comfortable, green, and low-carbon travel. He proposed four suggestions for the development of intelligent connected vehicles: promoting technological innovation in intelligent connected vehicles, optimizing the industrial ecosystem of intelligent connected vehicles, expanding the popularization of intelligent connected vehicle applications, and deepening open cooperation in intelligent connected vehicles.

During the opening ceremony, Zhang Jinhua, Executive Vice Chairman and Secretary-General of the China Society of Automotive Engineers, on behalf of global automakers and industry organizations, read out the "Consensus on Promoting the Commercialization of Global Intelligent Connected Vehicles (Beijing)." The five consensus areas are as follows: First, meet the new round of mobility revolution with automotive intelligence transformation. Second, promote commercial applications based on mobility demand. Third, build a new cross-industry ecosystem through cross-border collaboration. Fourth, accelerate the development of vehicle-road-cloud integration for connected vehicles. Fifth, jointly promote the improvement of the regulatory environment to support industrial development.

Concurrently with the conference, the China International New Energy and Intelligent Connected Vehicles Exhibition is being held. The exhibition is focused on key areas of the industry chain and has set up eight professional and characteristic exhibition areas, including whole vehicles, automotive chips and software, intelligent networking systems, new energy power systems, and outdoor high-level autonomous driving test experience zones.

In addition to the latest models, cutting-edge technologies, and innovative products that made their debut at the exhibition, there are also special exhibition areas such as the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei New Energy and Intelligent Connected Vehicle Industry Cluster, the "Car Driving Towards the Future" Space-time Corridor, and the "Top Players" AI Large Models + Automobile Interactive Area. There is also the FunFUN Automotive Consumption Festival, creating a "trendy play new landmark" that integrates technology, brands, experiences, and consumption (including car purchase, entertainment, and fun).

It is worth mentioning that during the conference, Daxing Airport has opened automatic driving shuttle services, and Capital Airport has opened automatic driving shuttle tests. This truly realizes the coexistence of self-driving vehicles and pedestrians


